Update readme.md (#32)
pagevamp/laravel-cloudwatch-logs: readme.md

`\Log::info('user logged in', ['id' => 123, 'name' => 'Naren']);`

### Usage with AWS Lambda

> Make sure the AWS Lambda template contains an IAM role with enough access to create log groups.

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure the AWS Lambda template contains an IAM role with enough access.
So think about Logs:CreateLogGroup, Logs:DescribeLogGroups, Logs:CreateLogStream, Logs:DescribeLogStream, Logs:PutRetentionPolicy and Logs:PutLogEvents
```
